Add info on user properties for LCW rules (#18749)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs: api-reference/beta/resources/identitygovernance-rulebasedsubjectset.md

+ `and`
+ `or`
+ `and` and `not`
+ `or` and `not`

| User property                                          | Property type                 | Supports eq, ne, in | Supports startsWith |
|--------------------------------------------------------|-------------------------------|---------------------|---------------------|
| accountEnabled                                         | Boolean                       | :heavy_check_mark:  | &nbsp;              |
| assignedPlans/any(a:a/capabilityStatus)                | assignedPlan collection       | :heavy_check_mark:  | &nbsp;              |
| assignedPlans/any(a:a/service)                         | assignedPlan collection       | :heavy_check_mark:  | &nbsp;              |
| assignedPlans/any(a:a/servicePlanId)                   | assignedPlan collection       | :heavy_check_mark:  | &nbsp;              |
| city                                                   | String                        | :heavy_check_mark:  | :heavy_check_mark:  |

> | companyName                                            | String                        | :heavy_check_mark:  | :heavy_check_mark:  |

Reviewer: costCenter missing should be supported inlcuding startsWith support

| preferredLanguage                                      | String                        | :heavy_check_mark:  | :heavy_check_mark:  |
| proxyAddresses/any(p:p)                                | String collection             | :heavy_check_mark:  | :heavy_check_mark:  |
| state                                                  | String                        | :heavy_check_mark:  | :heavy_check_mark:  |
| streetAddress                                          | String                        | :heavy_check_mark:  | :heavy_check_mark:  |
| surname                                                | String                        | :heavy_check_mark:  | :heavy_check_mark:  |
| usageLocation                                          | String                        | :heavy_check_mark:  | :heavy_check_mark:  |
| userPrincipalName                                      | String                        | :heavy_check_mark:  | :heavy_check_mark:  |
| userType                                               | String                        | :heavy_check_mark:  | &nbsp;              |

> You can also configure rules using [schema extensions or open extensions](/graph/extensibility-overview), and [custom security attributes](/graph/api/resources/custom-security-attributes-overview).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also configure rules using [Directory (Azure AD) extensions](/graph/extensibility-overviewhttps://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/extensibility-overview#directory-azure-ad-extensions). It is not supported to configure rules with schema extensions, open extensions or [custom security attributes](/graph/api/resources/custom-security-attributes-overview).
```
